# educational_recommendation_system

**data**
- This folder gathers CSV files that have been generated by converting user profiles, course information, and rating data used in the recommendation system.

**result_img**
- This folder contains collected graph images depicting the results of model training and evaluation.

**trained_model**
- This folder collects pth files containing the states of trained models and optimization states.

**rs_engine.ipynb**
- This file implements the code for loading data into a CSV format.
- It is then composed of code for subsequent preprocessing steps, building a DRL (Deep Reinforcement Learning) model, training the model, and evaluating the model.

**merge_data.py**
- This code is responsible for retrieving user profiles, course information, and rating data from the database and performing the task of merging them into a unified dataset.

**data_pre_process.py**
- This code preprocesses the merged data.

**sequence_dataset.py**
- This code transforms the preprocessed data into sequence data.

**DRL_model.py**
- This code defines a neural network model with an LSTM-based Actor-Critic architecture.

**environment.py**
- This code defines an 'Environment' class to model a reinforcement learning environment

**train.py**
- This code performs the training of a Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) model.

**evaluation.py**
- This code evaluates a trained Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) model.

**testing.py, testing_env.py, testing_sq_dataset.py**
- These codes are created to conduct cold-start tests.
